how long this is the video review for
transformers revenge of the Fallen
legends class befallen as you can see he
is a small version of himself he is a
Cybertronian destroyer very nice and he
is a gray color very cool it's got red
cockpit there very nice jet Neath there
he's got like and landing gear here and
there's no wheels or anything but he can
support him up in jet milk which is cool
can kind of see his face their head yeah
very cool little one jet and
Cybertronian man destroyer for the 41 so
yep very cool so to transform the Fallen
you want to take his leg yeah bring it
down much so and rotate that and
the other leg down we'll take the full
split here out bring the arms down
fold that piece up onto his back and
then just take his head and push it
further up like so and there you have
transformers revenge of the fallen
legend class the Fallen in his robot
mode very nice robot mode and
articulation and can go up them down
here and no elbow articulation in it and
boys head can look up and down like that
and forward and back and legs feet round
ball joints as well there mm other arm
folding boat in a bit like so um but
yeah that's about it and you can see
it's got really nice headsculpt there
but yeah very cool hmm
see he's also got the lava mm color on
these arms the orange and lava effect
and what nice little representation of
the Fallen mm yeah he also just have
these pieces on the side this if you
bring his arms down look as though the
king of connects but it looked as though
they are connectable they don't connect
or anything so they just left the show
really am so yeah very cool figure and
very nice so yeah so this has been my
video review of Transformers Revenge of
the Fallen legends class the fall and
thanks for watching and please subscribe